Add kube-linstor vs X comparison (#37)
kvaps/kube-linstor: README.md

[Install Helm](https://helm.sh/docs/intro/).

> **_NOTE:_**

> > Commands below provided for Helm v3 but Helm v2 is also supported.

Reviewer: The double space (`  `) in end of line in markdown syntax allows to break the line without starting new paragraph.

Author: I think this was changed by my whitespace cleanup plugins, will undo this

- [x] Undo cleaned up whitespace on L47

* [Perform backups and database management](docs/BACKUP.md)
* [Upgrade notes](docs/UPGRADE.md)

## How `kube-linstor` compares to other `drbd` on Kubernetes solutions

### `piraeus-operator`

[`piraeus-operator`][piraeus-operator] is the operator that powers [Piraeus][piraeus], [LINBIT][linbit]'s official Software Defined Storage (SDS) solution for Kubernetes. The dependencies of `kube-linstor` and `piraeus-operator` are mostly shared, as both projects aim to create and administer LINSTOR clusters, but there are some differences in methodology and features:

> - `kube-linstor` aims to be simple and encourages installation via a simple Helm chart

Reviewer: > - `kube-linstor` aims to be simple and encourages installation via a simple Helm chart

I think this comparison is not entirely correct. Actually operator has the same goals to be simple to the end user.

I'd like to say that Kube-Linstor aims to be more stupid and contain the less logic, for having better knowledge where and how to fix it in case of failure.
For the same reason we use standard Kubernetes entities like Deployment and DaemonSet instead of CRD and custom controllers.

Author: - [x] Clarify simplicity point

- `piraeus-operator` relies heavily on a [Custom Resource Definition][k8s-crd]-driven approach to bootstrapping pieces of infrastructure like the [`linstor-server`][linstor-server] (satellites, etc) itself. With `piraeus-operator` you create CRDs that manage the creation of Kubernetes-native resources.

> - `kube-linstor` directly contains the `DaemonSet`s and other Kubernetes-native resources as necessary.

Reviewer: > - `kube-linstor` directly contains the `DaemonSet`s and other Kubernetes-native resources as necessary.

```suggestion
- Kube-Linstor directly contains Deployments, DaemonSets and other Kubernetes-native resources as necessary.
```

Author: - [x] Add "Deployments", `kube-linstor` -> Kube-Linstor

> - `piraeus-operator` offers automatic (CRD-based) configuration of storage pools where possible

Reviewer: > - `piraeus-operator` offers automatic (CRD-based) configuration of storage pools where possible

Since the [last release](https://github.com/kvaps/kube-linstor/releases/tag/v1.11.1-3) we're also supporting automatic configuration of nodes, storage-pools and many other resources.
However the configuration is done via generated shell-script, the parameters for which can be passed using standard Helm values.

Author: - [x] Update automatic configuration point

* [Upgrade notes](docs/UPGRADE.md)

## How Kube-Linstor compares to other DRBD-on-Kubernetes solutions

### Piraeus Operator

[Piraeus Operator][piraeus-operator] is the operator that powers [Piraeus][piraeus], [LINBIT][linbit]'s official Software Defined Storage (SDS) solution for Kubernetes. The dependencies of Kube-Linstor and Piraeus Operator are mostly shared, as both projects aim to create and administer LINSTOR clusters, but there are some differences in methodology and features:

- Kube-Linstor aims to be simple to operate, with less built-in logic for more straight-forward administration. To achieve this goal Kube-Linstor installs via a simple Helm chart, and installs primarily Kubernetes-native resources (Deployments, DaemonSets, etc).
- Piraeus Operator relies heavily on a [Custom Resource Definition][k8s-crd]-driven approach to bootstrapping pieces of infrastructure like the [Linstor-Server][linstor-server] (satellites, etc) itself. With Piraeus Operator you create CRDs that manage the creation of Kubernetes-native resources
- Kube-Linstor directly contains the Deployments, DaemonSets and other Kubernetes-native resources as necessary

> - Both Piraeus Operator and Kube-Linstor offer offers automatic configuration of nodes, storage pools and other LINSTOR-related resources. Where Piraeus Operator accomplishes this with CRDs, Piraeus Operator uses generated shell scripts via template helpers integrated into the Helm chart

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Both Piraeus Operator and Kube-Linstor offer offers automatic configuration of nodes, storage pools and other LINSTOR-related resources. Where Piraeus Operator accomplishes this with CRDs, Kube-Linstor uses simple shell script with template helpers integrated into the Helm chart
```

> - Piraeus Operator offers automatic injection of the DRBD9 kernel module

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Piraeus Operator offers automatic DRBD9 Kernel Module Injection Image. In Kube-Linstor we're expecting already installed DRBD9 module on all your nodes.
```

Optionally we can add the link to the docs:
https://github.com/piraeusdatastore/piraeus-operator/blob/master/doc/host-setup.md

[drbd-utils]: https://github.com/LINBIT/drbd-utils/blob/master/COPYING
[linstor-csi]: https://github.com/piraeusdatastore/linstor-csi/blob/master/LICENSE
[stork]: https://github.com/libopenstorage/stork/blob/master/LICENSE
[piraeus-operator]: https://github.com/piraeusdatastore/piraeus-operator
[piraeus]: https://piraeus.io/
[linstor-server]: https://github.com/LINBIT/linstor-server
[k8s-crd]: https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/extend-kubernetes/api-extension/custom-resources/

> [linbit]: https://linbit.com

Reviewer: Please move these links before the `## Licenses` block

Author: - [x] Move links to block before Licenses
